the other one is thursday we'll get your
third straight free pic when i'ma just a
mullet the Orioles get it done last
night tonight we go to see at the White
Sox and Mariners day tomorrow break it
down for you in just a second well here
we go after banging home two out of
three last night and getting away day we
take that winning momentum into tonight
and a 25 time release between Georgia
Tech and Miami of Florida you know it's
just a week ago Monday night ten nine
winner on Miami out like over Florida
State and the last Thursday night we
came down Main Street gave you a free
kick when I'm Clemson plus the points
over Georgia Tech so having won my last
two games involving these two teams
which way do I go tonight drive back
Tech plus the points or do it late with
the Canes here on Thursday I know this
it's a 25 dimer I like the game a lot
and it's big win tonight you take into
Friday Saturday Sunday and keep turning
this thing around it all starts with the
twenty five time winner we got the way
month of July we got 20 month of August
and yes I've got to rally to get the
lady month of September plenty of time
to do just that jump-started by this 25
gunwoo tonight Georgia Tech and I am
here for the free big winner and as I
said yesterday in back in Seattle to get
it done over the White Sox in the season
series between the White Sox and the
Mariners no team has won two games in a
row I look for that to continue Game one
this series with one by the White Sox
game 2 by the Mariners here we go back
on the White Sox and dings names last
seven starts 3 & 1 with three no
decisions he's not given more than three
aren't in any of these stars tomorrow
since you've been made of Sardar hey one
in one with five no decisions I like the
White Sox here and Danks to step up get
it done and keep this little rhythm of
no team in this season series had won
back-to-back games right it's the White
Sox didn't done as your third straight
for you pick winter that a break there
is
we'll see back here I'm fried